Or write so we are done with a table design or development and we are selling some data from our table
inside a database.
Now what I think we should do next is actually make this a little bit more dynamic.
I want to show you a technique that I use all the time and something that is going to give you some
information some practice on switch statements.
That way we can apply one or one of the things that we learned from the course here on this CMOS project.
All right.
So what I really want to do is make another page and include it so we want to use it for the same page
right here.
Postop BHB and we want included for example the lead that inserting the crud basically is included by
using GET requests instead of just going to another page which will probably include the page using
GET requests I'll show you right now if you don't know what I'm talking about so don't worry about I'm
going to show you right now exactly how we're going to do this.
So the first thing that I want to do is remove this table outta here and include it here depending on
certain condition.
But for that we need to make another file.
Go to admin and then let's go to includes reichlich includes And let's create another page called view
on the score or pose that be.
All right.
And let's go to pose and make sure we get that table in there.
Let's get it out of there.
The whole table and I command at it you will be control at seeing if you are in the Windows or Mac coming
at us.
We know that and let's go back to view or Paul's view on the score or on the score post up DHP that's
pasted in there just for itself.
Let this thing a little bit here.
That's fine.
The key is here which is bothering me a little bit.
And let's go back here here.
Well we want to do a switch statement.
So first we need to check for a condition.
So let's raise a tag first before we write any Ph.
Right.
So we're going to be using to get requests to do this here organizes a little bit so you can see what
I'm doing.
Make this a little bigger for you.
Perfect.
So if it's said we're going to use this.
Remember the function get a check for a get requests get superglue all source.
We're going to call this key the source if it's said I want you to set this very well because we do
this is that for the statement to work we need a condition.
Right.
And it takes only one parameter it takes only one so we're going to use one variable.
And depending on the very what we're going to show the front pages in includes functions so we're going
to check if this get source is available if it is then we say we make a variable for it called Source.
All right.
So that's one condition.
Let me show you the switch statement if you don't remember which right here is this switch statement.
All right.
And then the switch statement we have something called cases for example this would be 34.
And they call that would be right here.
Nice and just giving you a little placeholder there so that way you can tell exactly what I'm doing.
How this is written and we're going to copy this a couple of times going down.
All right.
So this is going to be a different case and it's going to be a different case.
Nice.
Thirty four nights injured and nice to.
You get the idea right.
And here we'll have the fold here the fold.
All
right.
And we'll have a break here.
But we need to put the code right here right code here.
So this is a switch statement.
So we need a condition right here to compare it to this case.
So if this source right here is equal to this case we we're going to display this.
If you go to this game we're going to play this and so on and so on.
All right so now we do it like this.
But what we need to do is include the default page that I wanted to include would be that view or post
I want people to view all the polls and then depending on what they click in there to include all their
files.
So we're going to say View all polls that.
Right.
So we are including remember this file right here that we may with our table saw the painting on that
condition we're going to display this table.
Now they say it is going to be displayed all the time.
That's that's the idea.
But so that's why I'm putting this as the fault because I wanted to just in case we don't find any other
get requests right and then we display that all the time.
So this is going to give us a narrow now but I want you to see it.
You say you see we are display's giving us a notice actually is still displaying it for us.
What he's telling us that is he has an undefined variable and this is explain this because all the conditions
in the switch statements fail.
So it knows that it needs to display something it needs to do something.
So we are just plain and well we're just getting undefined variable.
For that we just patch it up a little bit and we just use an else and because it's undefined let's just
set it to something whatever it doesn't have to be anything it could be empty.
We just needed to get it out of the way refresh as you can see here we are included in the form there.
Now that's not the fault.
Perfect.
So for example if you have a condition of 34 If you have a source of 34 I show you right now what that
is I'm going to go to that you are on top here and an outside source study for this study for we go
after and you can see this nice 34 right here.
All right.
So that's what we're going to be doing depending on this condition here.
We're going to be explained different things here.
All right so we are done with this lecture here on the next one we're going to be making the rest of
the pages and I'm including them depending on the condition.
All right.
So thank you so much and I'll see you in the next video.